Ian, welcome to Talk Python To Me.
Hey, Michael. Good to see you again.
Yeah, great to see you again.
It has been a little while.
It seems like not so long ago.
And yet, when I pull up the episode that we did together,
sure enough, it says March 7th, 2018.
Wow.
Years are short.
They go by really fast.
They sure do.
So back then we were talking about Python and biology and genomics, and it sounds like you're still doing genetic type things and still doing Python and all that kind of stuff.
For sure. Yeah, definitely.
I work for a company called Genome Oncology.
We do precision oncology software, helping folks make sense of genomics and trying to help cancer patients.
That's awesome.
There's different levels of helping people with software.
On one level, we probably have ad retargeting.
On the other, we've gotten medical benefits
and looking for helping people
who are suffering socially or whatever.
So it's got to feel good to write software
that is making a difference in people's lives.
That's right.
I did spend a lot of the 2000s making e-commerce websites,
and that wasn't exactly the most fulfilling thing.
I learned a lot, but it wasn't as exciting
as what I'm doing now,
or at least as fulfilling as what I'm doing now.
Nice.
Were those earlier websites in Python?
No.
So, yeah, I mean, I was all Java for the most part.
And finally, with this company,
I knocked out a prototype in Django a few years ago.
And my boss at the time was like,
you did that so fast,
you should do some more stuff in Python.
So that's kind of how it evolved.
And now basically most of our core backend is Python
and we use a little bit of Svelte for the user interfaces.
Okay, beautiful.
It's easy to forget.
Like five years ago, 10 years ago,
people were questioning whether Python
should be something you should use.
Is it a real language?
Should you really use it?
Is it safe to use?
Maybe you should use a Java or a C#
or something like that
because this is a real project.
It's interesting.
I don't hear that nearly as much anymore, do you?
No, no.
it's um i grew up a boston sports fans and it was like being a boston sports fan was terrible for the
longest time and now it's like okay we don't want to hear about your your problems right now and
same thing with python it's like i like python i was like yeah great so does everybody else in the
world so yeah it's really not really not the issue anymore it's now it's not the cool thing to play
with so now you gotta go to rust or or something else you know what shiny llms are shiny lms are
very shiny for sure yeah we can talk about them today yeah that sounds great let's do it all right
before we do that though just you know it's it has been a good five years since you've been on the
show tell people um i guess that you already showed themselves yeah okay um so um let's let's jump in
so first of all we're we're going to talk about building applications that are basically powered
by llms that you plug into right yep before we get into creating llms let's just for you like what is
where do LLMs play a role for you in software development these days?
Sure. So, you know, like everybody else, I mean, I had been playing with,
so I do natural language processing as part of my job, right? So using spaCy was a big,
a big part of the information extraction stack that we use because we have to deal with a lot
of medical data and medical data is just unstructured and has to be cleaned up before
it can be used. So that was my exposure. I had seen GPTs and the idea of like generating text,
just starting from that didn't really make much sense to me at the time. But then obviously like
everybody else, when ChatGPT came out, I was like, oh, I get this now. Like this thing does,
you know, it can basically learn in the context and it can actually produce something that's
interesting and you can use it for things like information extraction. So just like everybody
else, I kind of woke up to them, you know, around that time that they got released and I use them
all the time, right? So ChatGPT4 is really what I use. I would recommend if you can afford the $20
a month, it's still the best model that there is as of January 2024. And I use that for coding.
I don't really like the coding tools, the co-pilots, but there's definitely folks that swear by them.
My workflow is more of, I have a problem, work with the chatbot to try to think through all the
edge cases and then think through the tests. And then I think through the code, right? And then
actual typing of the code, yeah, I'll have it do a lot of the boilerplate stuff, but then
kind of shaping the APIs and things like that. I kind of like to do that myself still. I'm kind of
old school. I guess I'm old school as well, because I'm like right there with you.
For me, I don't generally run Copilot or those kinds of things in my editors. I do have some
features turned on, but primarily it's just really nice autocomplete. You know what I mean?
Like it seems like it almost just knows what,
what I want to type anyway,
and that's getting better.
I don't know if anyone's noticed recently,
one of the recent releases of PyCharm,
it starts to auto complete whole lines and I don't know where it's getting
this from.
And I think I have the AI features turned off.
At least it says I have no license.
Guess that means it turned off.
So it must be something more built into it.
And that's pretty,
that's pretty excellent.
But for me,
I find I'm pretty content to just sit and write code.
however the more specific the unknowns are the more willing i'm like oh i need to go to chat gpt
for this like for example like how do you use pydantic like well i'll probably just go look at
a quick code sample and see that so i can understand it but if it's i have this time string
with the date like this the month like this and then it has the time zone like that
how do I parse that? Or how do I generate another one like that in Python? Here's the answer. Or I
have this giant weird string and I want this part of it as extracted with a regular expression.
Right. Regular expression. I was just going to say that. Oh my gosh. You don't have to write
another one of those. Yeah. It's great. Yeah. It's pretty much like, do you need to detect the end
of a line straight to ChatGPT? Not really, but it's like almost any level of chat, a regular
expression. I'm like, well, I need some AI for this because this is not time well spent for me.
But yeah, yeah, one big one.
Yeah, one big tip I would give people, though, is that these chat bots,
they want to please you, so you have to ask it to criticize you.
You have to say, here's some piece of code.
Tell me all the ways it's wrong, right?
And then you and you and you have to also ask for lots of different examples
because it because it just starts to get more creative, more things that it says.
It really thinks by talking, which is a really weird thing to consider.
It's definitely some things to keep in mind when you're working with these things.
And they do have these really weird
I think like if you compliment them or if you, you ask it, you sort of tell it, like,
I really want you to tell me it actually makes a difference, right?
It's not just like a search engine.
Like, well, of course, what does it care?
Just put these keywords in and they come out like, no, you've kind of got to like,
I've seen people threatening them or like saying that someone's being held ransom or,
you know, I like to say my boss is really mad at me.
Like, help me out here.
Right.
And like, see if it'll generate some better code.
Look, you're not being a good user.
You're trying to trick me.
I've been a good chatbot and you've been a bad user and I'm not going to help you anymore.
That was actually basically a conversation from Bing in the early days.
Yeah, the Sydney episode.
Yeah, that was crazy.
Super funny.
How funny.
All right.
Well, I'm sure a lot of people out there are using AI these days.
I think I saw a quote from GitHub saying over 50% of developers are using Copilot.
which crazy, but I mean, not that surprising.
50% of the people are using autocomplete.
So I guess it kind of like that, right?
They're great tools.
They're going to keep evolving.
There's some other ones I'm keeping an eye on.
There's one called console,
which just takes a different approach.
They use some stronger models.
And then there's a website called find P H I N D that,
that allows you to do some searching that they've built their own custom
model, really interesting companies that are doing some,
some, some really cool things.
And then perplexity is like the search replacement that a lot of folks are very excited about using instead of Google.
So there's a lot of different tools out there.
You could spend all your day just kind of playing around and learning these things where you got to actually kind of get some stuff done, too.
Yeah, you got to pick something and go, right?
Because with all the churn and growth and experimentation we got, you probably could try a new tool every day and still not try them all, you know?
Exactly.
Probably farther behind.
So you got to pick something and go.
And go.
Let's talk about writing some code.
Yeah, the next thing you're going to do after you use a chatbot is to hit an API.
If you're going to program an app and that app is going to have LLM inside of it, large language models inside of it, APIs are pretty much the next step.
So OpenAI has different models that are available.
This is a web page that I just saw recently that will actually compare the different models that are out there.
So there's obviously the big guy, which is OpenAI.
And you can get that through Azure as well if you have a Microsoft arrangement.
And there's some security reasons or HIPAA compliance and some other reasons that you might want to talk through Azure instead of going directly to OpenAI.
I defer to your IT department about that.
Google has Gemini, which they just released the pro version, which I believe is as strong as 3.5, roughly.
That is interesting because if you don't care about them training on your data, if like whatever you're doing is just like not super proprietary or something you're trying to keep secret, they're offering free API access at, I believe, 60 words per minute, right?
So basically one a second, you can call this thing and there's no charge.
So I don't know how long that's going to last.
So if you have an interesting project that you want to use in a large language model for, you might want to look at that.
Especially if it's already open data that you're playing with.
Exactly right.
Or data you've somehow published to the web that has certainly been consumed by these things.
Yep.
And these models are going to train on it, right?
That's the trade, right?
They're trying to get more tokens is what they call it, right?
The tokens are what they need to actually make these models smarter.
So everyone's just hunting for more tokens.
And I think this is part of their strategy for that.
And then there's also a Claude by Anthropic.
And then after that, you get into the, you know, kind of the open source APIs as well.
There's some really powerful open source ones out there.
Yep.
And if you scroll down, yeah, scroll down here.
Yeah, this is DocSpot for people listening, DocSpot.ai.
And is it sole purpose just to tell you price comparisons and stuff like that?
Or does it have more?
Yeah, you know, I assume this company's got some product.
Unfortunately, I don't know what it is.
But I saw this link that they put out there.
And it's a calculator.
So you basically can put what tokens, how many tokens,
there's input tokens and there's output tokens, right?
So they're gonna charge more on the output tokens.
That's for the most part, some of the library,
some of the models are more equal.
And then they, what they do is if you can figure out
like roughly how big a message is gonna be,
both the input and the output,
how many calls you're gonna make,
you can use that to then calculate basically the cost.
And the cost is always at like, you know,
tokens per thousand, you know,
or dollars or pennies really, pennies per thousand tokens.
And then it's just a math equation at that point.
And what you'll find is, you know,
calling GPT-4 is gonna be super expensive.
And then calling, you know, a small seven,
what's called the 7B model from Mistral
is gonna be the cheapest.
And you're just gonna look for these different providers.
And there was really a-
- These really are different.
Like for example, opening Azure GPT-4 is three,
a little over three cents per call.
Whereas GP35 Turbo is one tenth of one cent.
It's a big difference there.
It's 11 cents versus $3 to have a conversation with it.
That's just.
It's it's it's crazy.
It's yes, it's a very, very wide difference.
And it's all based on, you know, how much compute these models take, right?
Because a bigger the bigger the model, the more accurate it is.
But also the more expensive it is for them to run it.
So that's why that's why there's such a cost difference.
Yeah, recently interviewed, just released a while ago, interviewed because of time shifting on podcasts.
Mark Rosinovich, CTO of Azure, and we talked about all the crazy stuff that they're doing for coming up with just running these computers that handle all of this compute.
And it's really a lot.
Yep, for sure.
For sure.
There's so many, you know, and there was a GPU shortage for a while.
I don't know if that's still going on.
And obviously, you know, the big companies are buying hundreds of thousands of these GPUs to get the scale they need.
Yeah.
And so once you figure out which API you want to use, then you want to talk about the library.
So now, you know, most of these providers, they have, you know, a Python library that they offer.
I know OpenAI does and Google with Gemini does.
But there's also open source ones, right?
Because they're not very complicated to talk to.
It's just basically HTTP requests.
So it's just really a matter of like, what's the ergonomics you're looking for as a developer to interact with these things.
And most importantly, make sure you're maintaining optionality, right?
Like it's great to do a prototype with one of these models, but recognize you might want to switch either for cost reasons or performance reasons or what have you.
And, you know, LangChain, for instance, has a ton of the providers as part of you basically are just switching a few arguments when you're switching between them.
And then Simon Willison has, you know, Python fame, has an LLM project where he's defined, you know, basically a set of and it's really clean just the way he's organized it because you can just add plugins as you need them.
Right. So you don't have to install all the different libraries that are out there.
And I think LangChain is kind of following a similar approach.
I think they're coming up with a LangChain core capability
where you can just kind of bring in things as you need them.
And so the idea is you're now coding against these libraries
and you're trying to bring together the text you need to have analyzed
or whatever your use case is, and then it'll come back with the generation.
And you can also not just use them on the cloud.
You can use open source ones as well and run them locally on your local computer.
I'd never really thought about my architectural considerations,
I guess, of these sorts of things.
But of course you want to set up some kind of abstraction layer
so you're not completely tied into some provider.
It could be that it becomes too expensive.
It could be that it becomes too slow.
But it also might just be something that's better.
It could be something else that comes along that's better
and you're like, we could switch.
It's 25% better.
but it's like a week to pull all the details of this one LLM out and put the new ones in.
And so it's not worth it, right?
So you like having, being tied to a particular database rather than more general.
And especially at this moment in time, right?
Every couple of months, something, so something from the bottom up is getting better and better.
Meaning, you know, Llama came out a year ago and then Llama 2 and Mistral and Mixtral.
And, you know, Llama 3 is going to be coming out later this year, we believe.
And so those models, which are smaller and cheaper and easier to use, are not easier to use, but they're just cheaper, is, you know, those things are happening all the time.
So being able to be flexible and nimble and kind of change where you are is going to be crucial, at least for the next couple of years.
Yeah, the example that I gave was databases, right?
And databases have been kind of a known commodity.
It's the 80s or what, 1980s?
Of course, there's new ones that come along,
but they're all the same.
We got there is MySQL,
now there's Postgres that people love.
Right? That is changing way,
way slower than this.
People are like, "Well, we got to think about
those kinds of like don't get tied into that well."
Sure.
Right.
It's way less stable.
Right. People create layers of abstraction there too.
You got SQLAlchemy and then
know, Sebastian from FastAPI has SQL model. That's a layer on top of SQLAlchemy, you know, and then
there's also, you know, folks that just like writing clean NC SQL and you can, you know, hopefully be
able to port that from database to database as well. So yeah, yeah, it's, it's the same, same
principles, separation of concerns. So you can kind of be flexible. All right. So you talked about
LangChain. Just give us a sense real quick of what LangChain is. It's, yeah, I mean, this was a,
this was a great project from a timing perspective. I believe they kind of invented it and released
it right around the time ChatGPT came out. It's a very comprehensive library with lots of, I mean,
the best part about LangChain to me is the documentation and the code samples, right?
Because if you want to learn how to interact with a different large language model or work with a
vector database, there's another library called Llama Index that does a really good job at this as
well. They have tons and tons of documentation and examples. So you can kind of look at those and
and try to understand it.
The chaining part really came from the idea of like,
okay, I prompt the large language model,
it gives a response,
and I'm going to take that response
and prompt and, you know, again,
with a new prompt using that output.
The challenge with that
is the reliability of these models, right?
They're not going to get close.
They're not close to 100% accurate
on these types of tasks.
You know, the idea of agents as well
is another thing that you might build with a line chain.
And the idea there is basically
the agent is, you know, getting a task, coming up with a plan of that for that task, and then kind
of, you know, stepping through those tasks to get the job done. Once again, we're just not there yet,
as far as as far as those technologies, just because of the reliability. And then there's
also a bunch of security concerns that, you know, that are out there, too, that you should definitely
be aware of, like one term to Google and make sure you understand is prompt injection. Right. So Simon,
Once again, he's got a great blog and he's got he's got a great blog article and or just even that tag on his blog is tons of articles around prompt injection.
And and prompt injection is basically the idea of you have an app.
A user says something in the app or like types into the to the whatever the input is and whatever text that they're sending through, just like with SQL injection, they kind of hijacks the conversation and causes the large language model to kind of do a different thing.
Yeah, you'll hear a little Bobby Lama, we call him.
right exactly right um and then the other wild one is like you know people are putting stuff up on
the internet so that when the large language model browses for web pages and brings back text it's
you know reading the html or reading the text in the html and it's causing the large language model
to behave in some unexpected way so there's lots of lots of crazy challenges out there
i'm sure that i'm sure there's a lot of adversarial stuff happening to these things as they're
both trying to gather data and then trying to run, right?
I saw the most insane, I don't know, I guess it was an article.
I saw it in RSS somewhere.
And it was saying that on Amazon,
there's all these knockoff brands that are trying to, you know,
instead of Gucci, you have a Gucci or I don't know, whatever. Right.
And they're getting so lazy.
I don't know what the right word is that they're using LLMs to try to write.
a description that is sort of a in the style of gucci let's say right and it'll come back and say
i'm sorry i'm a large language model i'm not my my rules forbid me from doing brand trademark
violation right and then that's what the amazon listing says on amazon they just take it and
just straight pump it straight whatever it says it just goes straight in amazon yep yeah yeah you
have to like google like sorry i'm sorry as a large language model or sorry as a whatever yeah
Exactly.
The product listings are full of that.
It's amazing.
It's crazy.
But so certainly the reliability of that is, you know, they could probably use some testing and those kind of things.
For sure.
Oh, and out there asked, like, I wonder if for local LLM models, there's a similar site as DocSpot that show you, like, what you need to run it locally.
So that's an interesting question.
Also, segue to maybe talk about, like, some local stuff.
Yeah.
So, yeah, LLM Studio.
This is a new product.
I honestly haven't had a chance to really dig in and understand who created this and make sure that the privacy stuff is up to snuff.
But I've played around with it locally.
It seems to work great.
It's really slick, really nice user interface.
So if you're just wanting to get your feet wet and try to understand some of these models, I'd download that and check it out.
There's a ton of models up on Hugging Face.
This product seems to just basically link right into the Hugging Face interface.
and so and grabs models and so some of the models you want to look for are right now as in january
right there's mistral 7b uh you know m-i-s-t-r-a-l there's a there's another one called phi2 those are
two of the smaller models that should run pretty well on you know like a commercial grade gpu
or an m1 or an m2 mac if that's what you have uh and and and start playing with them and they're
they're quantized, which means they're just kind of made a little to take a little bit less space,
which is good from like a virtual RAM with regards to these GPUs. And, you know, there's a,
there's a account on Hugging Face called The Bloke. If you look for him, you'll see all his different
fine, there's different fine tunes and things like that. And there's a group called Noose,
I think is how you pronounce it, N-O-U-S. And they've got a, they've got some of the fine tunes
that are basically the highest performing ones that are out there. So if you're really looking
high-performing local model that can actually help you with code or reasoning.
Those are definitely the way to get started.
Excellent. Yeah, this one seems pretty nice.
I also haven't played with, I just learned about it,
but it's looking really good.
I had played with, what was it, GPT for all?
I think it was.
Yep, yep, yep.
Was one that I played with.
Sometimes it looks a little bit nicer than that.
I don't know how different it really is.
No, I mean, they're all I mean, it's all the idea of like downloading these files and running them locally.
And these are just user interfaces that make it a little easier.
You know, the original project, the original project that made this stuff kind of possible was a project called Llama CPP.
There's a Python library that can work with that directly.
There's another project called Llama File, where if you download the whole thing, it actually runs no matter where you are.
I think it runs on Mac and Linux and Windows and BSD or whatever it is.
And it's I mean, it's an amazing technology that this woman put together.
It's really impressive.
And then, you know, you can actually just use Google Colab to write.
So Google Colab has some GPUs with that.
If you I think if you upgrade it to the $10 a month version, I think you get some better
GPUs access access.
So if you actually want to get a hand of like running instead of and so this is a little
bit different, right?
So instead of calling an API when you're using Google Colab, you can actually use a library
called Hugging Face, and then you can actually load these things directly into your memory
and then into your actual Python environment, and then you're working with it directly.
So it just takes a little bit of work to make sure you're running it on the GPU,
because if you're running it on the CPU, it's going to be a lot slower.
Yeah, it definitely makes a big difference.
There's a tool I use that for a long time around on the CPU,
and they rewrote it to run on the GPU.
Even on my M2 Pro, it was like three times faster or something.
Yeah.
Yep.
For sure.
Yeah.
It makes a big difference.
So with this,
let's see here.
It says some things that you can do.
Which one?
I read a bunch of these all at the same time.
So I've got to remember.
So with the LM studio,
let's you run the,
the LMS offline and use models through an OpenAI.
That's what I was looking for.
The OpenAI compatible local server.
Right.
Yeah.
So you could,
you could basically get an API for any of these and then start
programming against it, right?
- Exactly right.
And it's basically the same interface, right?
So same APIs for posting in response
of the JSON schema that's going back and forth.
So you're programming against that interface
and then you basically port it and move it to another,
to the OpenAI models if you wanted to as well.
So everyone's kind of coalescing around OpenAI
as kind of like the quote unquote standard,
but there's nothing, there's really no,
there's no mode around that standard as well, right?
because anybody can kind of adopt it and use it.
There's not like a W3C committee choosing.
Correct, correct.
And yeah, so the market will choose for us.
Let's go.
Yep.
Yeah, and it seems to be working out well.
And that's another benefit of Simon's LLM project, right?
He's got the ability to kind of switch back and forth
between these different libraries and APIs as well.
Yeah.
This LM studio says this app does not collect data nor monitor your actions.
Your data stays local on your machine.
Free for personal use.
All that sounds great for business use.
Please get in touch.
I always just like these.
Like if you got to ask, it's too much type.
Probably.
Yeah.
So I'm not using it for personal.
I'm using it for personal use just so if anybody's watching.
Yes.
Yeah.
Just playing around.
And it's, you know, either they just haven't thought it through and they just don't want
to talk about it yet.
Sure.
I think that's part of it.
I just probably imagine it's probably like,
"Ah, we haven't figured out a business model.
Just, I don't know. Shoot us a node."
Yep. Nope. They're concentrating on the product, which makes sense.
Yeah. So then the other one is LamaFile.
LamaFile.ai that you mentioned.
This packages it up. I guess going back to the LM Studio real quick,
one of the things that's cool about this is if it's the OpenAI API,
this little local server that you can play with,
But then you can pick LLM such as Llama, Falcon, Replit, all the different ones, right?
Star Coder and so on.
It would let you write an app as if it was going to OpenAI and then just start swapping in models and go like, oh, if we switch to this model, how'd that work?
But you don't even have to change any code, right?
Just probably maybe a string that says which model to initialize.
Correct.
Well, you're getting to one of the tricks, though, is then the prompts themselves.
Right.
So the models themselves.
Yeah, the models themselves act differently.
And part of this whole world is what they call prompt engineering.
Right.
So prompt engineering is really just exploring how to interact with these models, how to, you know, how to make sure that they're kind of in the right mind space to tackle your problem.
A lot of the times that people get to, when they struggle with these things, it's really just,
it's, they'd really got to think more like a psychiatrist when they work with a model,
they, you know, basically getting them kind of prepared. You know, one of the tricks people did
figured out early was, you know, you're a, you know, a genius at software development,
like compliment the thing, make it feel like, oh, I'm going to behave like I'm a world rockstar
programmer, right? Well, it's going to give you average, but if you tell them I'm genius,
then let's start we'll do that right right because i mean because and there was also a theory like
that in december that the large language bottles were getting dumber because it was the holidays
and people don't work as hard right like it's really hard to know like what what are the which
of these kind of things are true or not but it's uh definitely true that each model is a little bit
different and if you write write a prompt that works really well on one model even if it's a
a stronger model or a weaker model and then you port it to another model and it's uh you know
and that that's then the stronger model works worse right it it can be very counterintuitive
at times and you just gotta you've got to test things out and that really gets to the idea of
evals right so evaluation is it is really a key problem right making sure that if you're going to
be writing prompts and you're going to be building you know different you know retrieval augmented
generation solutions you need to know about prompt injection and you need to know about prompt
engineering and you need to know what these things can and can't do, you know, there's, you know,
one, one trick is, is what they call few shot prompting, which is, you know, if you wanted to
do data extraction, you can say, okay, I want you to extract data from text that I give you in JSON.
If you give it a few examples, like wildly different examples, because the giving it
a bunch of similar stuff, it might kind of cause it to just coalesce around those similar examples,
but you can give a wildly different set of examples that's called in context learning or
few shot prompting and it will do a better job at that specific task for you okay that's super neat
when you're creating your apps do you do things like here's the input from the program or from
the user or wherever it came from but maybe before that you give it like three or four prompts and
then let let it have the question right instead of just taking the text like i'm going to ask you
questions about biology and genetics and it's going to be under this context and i want you to favor
these data sources now ask your question something like this for for sure all those types of strategies
are worth experimenting with right like what actually will work for your scenario i can't tell
you right you you've got to you've got to dig in you've got to figure it out and and you've got to
try different different things and you can't you're about to win the nobel prize in genetics for your
work now i need to ask you some questions for sure for sure that will definitely work and then
and then threatening it that your boss is mad at you is also going to help you do right for sure
if i don't solve this problem i'm going to get fired as a large language model i can't tell you
but i'm going to be fired all right well then the answer is right right exactly right okay
so for these they run like you said they run pretty much locally these these different um
models on LM studio and others like the llama file and so on.
I don't need a cluster.
Correct.
Yeah.
That's, I mean,
llama CPP is really the project that should get all the credit for,
for making this work on your, on your laptops.
and then llama file and llama CPP all, all have servers.
So I'm guessing LM studio is just exposing that server.
and, and that's in the base llama CPP project.
And, and, and that's, that's really what it is.
it's really just about now you can post your requests.
It's handling all the work with regards to the token generation
on the backend using LLAMACPP,
and then it's returning it to you using the HTTP kind of processes.
Is LLAMA originally from Meta?
Is that where that came from?
Yeah, so yeah, I think there were people
that were kind of using that LLM, right?
I think people were kind of keying off the LLAMA thing at one point.
you know, I think a llama index, for instance,
I think that project was originally called GPT index
and they decided, oh, I don't want to be like,
I don't want to confuse myself with OpenAI
or confuse my project with OpenAI.
So they switched the llama index
and then of course, better release llama.
So, you know, you can't, you kind of,
and then everything from there is kind of evolved too, right?
There's been alpacas and a bunch of other stuff as well.
So, but the original llama-
I know your animals, yeah.
If you don't know your animals,
you can't figure out the heritage of these projects.
But Lama from Meta was the first open source, I'd say, large language model of note, I guess, since ChatGPT.
There were certainly other, you know, I'm not a, so one thing, the caveat, I am not a researcher, right?
So there's lots of folks in the ML research community that know way more than I do.
But because there was like Bloom and T5 and a few other large, you know, quote unquote, large language models.
But Lama, after ChatGPT, Lama was the big release that came from Meta in, I think, March.
and that was from Meta
and then they had it released under just
research
use terms and then only certain people
could access to it and then someone
put a BitTorrent
link or something on GitHub
and then basically the world had it
and then they did end up releasing Llama 2
a few months later with more friendly
terms and it was
a much stronger model as well
Nice, it's kind of the realization
well if it's going to be out there anyway
let's at least get credit for it then yep for sure for sure and i and i did read something where like
basically facebook approached open ai for access to their models to help them write code but the
cost was so high that they decided to just go build their own right so it's yeah kind of kind of
interesting how this stuff has evolved like you know we got a big cluster of computers right
the metaverse thing doesn't seem to be working yet so let's go ahead and train a bunch of
over in the metaverse data center all right so one of the things that people will maybe talk about
in this space is rag or retrieval augmented generation what's this yeah so i think one thing
to recognize is that the large language models if it's not in the training set and it's not in the
prompt it really doesn't know about it and it and the question of like what's reasoning and what's
you know, generalizing and things like that. Those are big debates that people are having.
What's intelligence? What have you? But recognizing the fact you have this prompt and things you put
in the prompt, the large language model can understand and extrapolate from is really powerful.
So, and that's called in context learning. So retrieval augmented generation is the idea of,
okay, I'm going to go, I'm going to maybe ask a, allow a person to ask a question. This is kind of
like the common use case that I see. User ask a question. We're going to take that question,
find the relevant content, put that content in the prompt, and then do something with it, right?
So it might be something like, ask a question about how tall is the Leaning Tower of Pisa,
right? And so now it's going to go off and find that piece of content from Wikipedia or what have
you, and then put that information in the prompt. And then now the model can then respond to that
question based on that text. Obviously, that's a pretty simple example, but you can get more
complicated and it's going out and bringing back lots of different content, slicing it up, putting
in the prompt and asking a question. So now the trick is, okay, how do you actually get that content
and how do you do that? Well, you know, information retrieval, search engines and things like that,
that's obviously the technique. But one of the key techniques that people have been, you know,
kind of discovering, rediscovering, I guess, is this idea of word embeddings or vectors.
And so Word2Vec was this project that came out, I think, 11 years ago or so.
And, you know, there was a big the big meme around that was you could take the embedding for the word king.
You could then subtract the embedding for the word man, add the word embedding for woman.
And then the end math result would actually be close to the embedding for the word queen.
And so what is an embedding? What's a vector?
It's basically this large floating point number that has semantic meaning inferred into it.
And it's built just by training a model.
So just like you train a large language model,
they can trade these embedding models
to basically take a word and then take a sentence
and then take a document is what OpenAI can do
and turn that into this big giant 200, 800, 1500,
depending on the size of the embedding,
the floating point numbers,
and then use that as what's called
semantic similarity search.
So you're basically going off and asking for similar documents.
And so you get those documents and then you make your prompt.
Yeah.
Wild.
It's really wild.
So, you know, we're going to make an 800 dimensional space and each concept gets a location in that space.
And then you're going to get another concept as a prompt and say, what other things in this space are near it?
Right.
Wild.
And then, and then what you're, you know, you're the hard problems that remain are,
well, first you got to figure out what you're trying to solve. So once you figure out what
you're actually trying to solve, then you can start asking yourself questions like,
okay, well, how do I chunk up the documents that I have? Right. And there's all these different,
and that there's another great place for Lama index and LangChain. They have
chunking strategies where they'll take a big giant document and break it down into
sections. And then you chunk each section and then you're, and then you do the embedding on
just that small section. Because the idea being, can you get, you know, finer and finer sets of
text that you can then, when you do your retrieval, you get the right information back. And then the
other challenge is really like the question answer problem, right? If a person's asking a question,
how do you turn that question into the same kind of embedding space as the answer, right? And so
there's lots of different strategies that are out there for that. And then another, you know,
another problem is if you're looking at the Wikipedia page for the Tower of Pisa, it might
like a sentence in here that says it is, you know, X number of meters tall or feet tall,
but it won't actually have the word, you know, tower of peas in it. So, so there's another
chunking strategy where they're, they call propositional trunking, where they basically
use a large language model to actually redefine each, each, each word, each sentence so that it
actually has those proper nouns baked into it so that when you do the embedding, it doesn't lose
some of the detail with propositions.
It's this tall, but
it's something to replace it this tall
with its actual height and things like that.
Correct, correct.
But fundamentally, you're working with unstructured data
and it's kind of messy
and it's not always going to work the way you want.
And there's a lot of challenges
and people are trying lots of different things
to make it better.
That's cool.
It's not always deterministic or exactly the same.
So that can be tricky as well.
One of the big parts of at least this embedding stuff
you're talking about are vector databases.
And they used to be really rare
and kind of their own specialized thing.
Now they're starting to show up in lots of places.
And you shared with us this link of vector DB comparison.
I just saw that MongoDB added it.
I'm like, I didn't know that had anything to do with that.
And I'm probably not gonna mess with it,
but it's interesting that it's just like finding its way
in all these different spaces, you know?
- Yeah, it was weird there for a couple of years
We're basically talking about vector databases like they're their own separate thing.
The vector databases are now becoming their own fully fledged, either relational database
or a graph database or a search engine.
Those are kind of the three categories.
I mean, I guess Redis is its own thing too.
But for the most part, those new databases, quote unquote, are now kind of trying to become
more fully fledged.
And vectors and semantic search is really just one feature, right?
And yeah.
I was just thinking that is, is this thing that you're talking about, is it a product or is it a feature of a bigger product, right?
Correct.
If you already got a database, it's already doing a bunch of things.
Could it just answer the vector question?
Maybe, maybe not.
Exactly right.
And the one thing to recognize is that, and then the other thing people do is they just take NumPy or what have you and just load them all into memory.
And if you don't have that much data, that's actually probably going to be the fastest and simplest way to work.
But the thing you got to recognize is the fact that there is a precision and recall and cost tradeoff that that happens as well.
So they have to index these these vectors and there's different algorithms that are used and and different algorithms do better than others.
So you got to make sure you understand that as well.
So and one thing you can do is, for instance, pgvector, which comes as an extension for Postgres, you can start off by not indexing at all.
you'll and you should get i believe hopefully i'm not misspeaking you should get perfect recall
meaning you'll get the right answer you'll get the you know if you ask for the five closest vectors to
the to your query you'll get the five closest but it'll be slower than than you probably want so
then you have to index it and then what ends up happening is you know the next time you might only
get four of those five you'll get some something else that snuck into that list yeah that's
if you got time,
you're willing to spend unlimited time,
then you can get the right answer,
the exact answer.
But I guess that's all sorts of heuristics, right?
You're like, I could spend three days
or I could do a Monte Carlo thing
and I can give you an answer in a fraction of a second.
Right, right, right.
But it's not deterministic.
All right, so I won't go with my camera
so I turn it off.
I don't know what's up.
Yeah, no worries.
Yeah, so you wrote a cool blog
post called what is a custom GPT and we'll want to talk some about building custom GPTs and with
SAPI and so on so let's talk about this like one of the I think one of the challenges in why it
takes so much compute for these systems is like they're open-ended though you can ask me any
question about any knowledge in the world in humankind right you can you can ask about that
Let's start talking.
Or it could be, you can ask me about genetics.
Right.
That seems like you could both get better answers if you actually only care about genetic responses,
not how tall is the leaning tower, and probably make it smaller, right?
So is that kind of the idea of these custom GPTs, or what is it?
No.
So custom GPTs are a new capability from OpenAI.
and basically they are a wrapper around, you know, a very small subset, but it's still using the open
AI ecosystem. Okay. And so what you do is you give it a name, you give it a logo, you give it a prompt.
And then from there, you can also give it knowledge. You can upload PDF documents to it
and it will actually slice and dice those PDF documents using some sort of vector search. We
don't know how it actually works. The GPT, the cool thing is the GPT will work on your phone,
Right. So I have my phone. I can have a conversation with my phone.
I can I can take a picture, upload a picture and it will do vision, vision analysis on it.
So I get all the capabilities of OpenAI GPT-4.
But a custom GPT is one that I can construct and give a custom prompt to, which basically then says, OK, now you're into your point.
I think maybe this is where you're going with it. Like, hey, now you're an expert in genomics or you're an expert in something.
And you're basically coaching the language model in what it can and can't do.
And so basically, you know, it's a targeted experience within the large language, within
the ChatGPT, you know, ecosystem.
It has access to also the OpenAI tools.
Like, so OpenAI has the ability to do Code Interpreter and Dolly, and it can also hit
the web browser.
So you have access to everything.
But the interesting thing to me is the fact that you can actually tie this thing to what
are called actions.
So, you know, March, I think of last year, they actually had this capability called plugins
that they announced.
And plugins have kind of faded to the background.
I don't know if they're going to deprecate them officially,
but the basic gist with plugins is what was you could turn that on.
It can then call your API.
And the cool thing about it was that it read your open API spec, right?
So you, you know, you write an open API spec, which is Swagger.
If you're familiar with Swagger and it basically defines what all the endpoints are,
what the path is, what the inputs and outputs are,
including, you know, all the classes or field level information
and any constraints or what have you.
So you can fully define your open API spec.
It can then call that open API spec.
And it's basically giving it tools.
So like the example that they say in the documentation is get the weather.
So if you say, what's the weather in Boston?
Well, ChatGPT doesn't know the weather in Boston.
All it knows how to do is call it.
But you can call an API and it figures out how to call the API, get that information,
and then it can use that to redisplay.
And that's a very basic example.
You can do way more complicated things than that.
And it's pretty powerful.
okay that sounds really pretty awesome i thought a lot about different things that i might build
um yeah i guess on your blog post here you've got some key benefits and you've got some
risks you maybe want to sure sure yeah so that yeah so the first part with plugins that was wrong
was that didn't work as well is that there was no kind of overarching uh custom instruction that
could actually teach it how to work with your plugin.
So if you couldn't put it in the API spec,
then you couldn't integrate it with a bunch of other stuff
or other capabilities, right?
So the custom instruction is really a key thing
for making these custom APIs strong.
But one warning about the custom instruction,
whatever you put in there, anybody can download, right?
Not just the folks at OpenAI, anybody.
Like basically there's GitHub projects
where like thousands of these, you know,
the custom prompts that people have put into their GPT.
So, and there are now knockoffs on GPT.
So it's all kind of a mess right now in the OpenAI store.
I'm sure they'll clean it up,
but just recognize the custom instruction is not protected
and neither is the knowledge.
So if you upload a PDF,
there have been people that have been figuring out
how to like download those PDFs.
And I think that that might be a solved problem now
or they're working on it, but it's something to know.
The other problem with plugins was I can get a plugin working,
but if they didn't approve my plugin
and put it in their plugin store,
I couldn't share it with other people.
The way it works now is I can actually make a GPT
and I can give it to you and you can use it directly,
even if it's not in the OpenAPI store or OpenAI store.
You know, it is super easy to get started.
They have like a tool to like, you know,
help you generate your dolly picture.
And actually you don't even have to figure out
how to do the custom instructions yourself.
You can just kind of chat that into existence.
But the thing that I'm really excited about
is that this is like free playing.
Like you could do, so the hosting cost
is basically all on the client side.
You have to be a ChatGPT plus user right now
to create these and use these.
But the cool thing as a developer,
I don't have to pay those API fees
that we were talking about, right?
And if I need to use GPT for,
which I kind of do for my business right now,
just because of how complicated it is,
I don't have to pay those token fees
for folks using my custom GPT at this moment.
So, and then the risks go-
What is the, like the billing
or whatever you call it for the custom GPT lie.
Is that in the person who's using it?
Does it have to, it goes onto their account
and whatever their account.
Yeah, so everyone just, you know, right now,
yeah, right now, OpenAI,
ChatGPT Plus is $20 a month.
And then there's a Teams version,
which I think is either 25 or 30,
depending on, you know, number of users
or how you pay for it.
And then, and that's the, that's the cost.
So right now, if you want to use custom GPTs,
you need, everyone needs to be a ChatGPT Plus
user. There's no extra cost based on usage or anything like that. In fact, there's talk about
revenue sharing between OpenAI and developers of custom GPTs, but that has not come out yet as far
as what those details are. It does have an App Store feel to it, doesn't it?
Yep, for sure. But there's risks too, right? Obviously, there's already been tons of copies
up there, OpenAI, you know, they're, they're, they're looking for their business model too,
right? So they could, if someone has a very successful custom GPT, it's well within their
right to kind of add that to the base product as well. And then prompt injection, injection is still
a thing. So if you're doing anything in your actions that actually changes something that has
is consequential is what they call it. You better think very carefully, like what's the worst thing
that could happen, right?
Because whatever the worst thing
that could happen is,
that's what's going to happen
because people can figure
this stuff out
and they can confuse
the large language models
into calling them, right?
The more valuable it is
that they can make that thing happen,
the more effort they're going to put into.
More likely.
Yeah, yeah.
For sure, for sure.
And then just in general,
you're, oh, go ahead.
I just ask,
do you think
it's easy to solve
SQL injection
and other forms of injection
at least in principle right there's a education problem there's millions of people coming along
as developers and they see some demo that says the query is like this plus the name wait a minute
so it kind of re-creates itself through not total awareness but there's a very clear thing you do
to solve that use parameters you don't concatenate strings with user input problem solved
what about prompt injection though it's so vague how these ais know what to do in the first place
and so then how do you completely block that off unsolved problem right like yeah and i'm definitely
stealing from simon on this because i've heard him say it on a few podcasts is just basically there's
no solution as far as we know so you have to design you and and there's no there's no solution
to the hallucination problem either,
because that's, you know, that's a feature, right?
That's actually what the thing is supposed to do.
So when you're building these systems,
you have to recognize those two facts
along with some other facts
that, you know, really limit
what you can build with these things.
So you shouldn't use it for like legal briefs?
Is that what you're saying?
Well, once again,
I think these things are great collaborative tools, right?
Yeah.
The human in the loop,
and that's everything that I'm building, right?
So all the stuff that I'm building
is assuming that the humans in the loop and that the, and what I'm trying to do is augment and
amplify expertise, right? I'm building tools for people that know about genomics and, and cancer
and how to help cancer patients. I'm not designing it for cancer patients who are going to go operate
on themselves, right? Like that's not, that's not the goal. The, the idea is there's a lot of
information. There's, you know, these tools are super valuable from like synthesizing a variety
of info, but you still need to look at the underlying citations and ChatGPT by itself
can't give you citations.
Like it'll, it'll make some up.
It'll say, oh, I think there's probably a Wikipedia page with this link, but you actually
have to, you know, there's, you definitely have to have an outside tool, either the web,
you know, Bing, which is, I would say subpar for, for a lot of use cases, or you have to
have actions that can actually bring back references and give you those links.
And then the expert will then say, oh, okay, great.
Thanks for synthesizing this, giving me this info.
Let me go validate this myself, right?
Go click on the link and go validate it.
And that's really, I think that's really the sweet spot for these things, at least for the
near future.
Yeah.
Don't ask it for the answer.
Ask it to help you come up with the answer, right?
Exactly right.
And then tell me, and then, and then have you criticize you when you do have something,
because then it'll do a great job of telling you everything you've done wrong.
I'm feeling too good about myself.
I need you to insult me a lot.
Let's get going.
All right.
Speaking to talk about ourselves.
you've got this project called PyPI GPT.
What's this about?
Yeah, so I really wanted to tell people
that FastAPI and Pydantic,
because Python, like we were saying earlier,
I don't know if it was on the call or not,
but Python is the winning language, right?
And I think FastAPI and Pydantic
are the winning libraries in their respective fields
and they're great and they're perfect for this space
because you need an open API spec.
English is the new programming language, right?
So Andre Caparthe, who used to work at Tesla and now works at OpenAI, has this pinned tweet
where he's basically like, English is like the hottest programming language or something
like that.
And that's really the truth.
Because even in this space where I'm building an OpenAPI spec, 99% of the work is like thinking
about the description of the endpoints or the description of the fields or codifying the
constraints on different fields.
Like you can use these greater thans and less thans and regexes, right, to describe it.
And so what I did was I said, okay, let's build this thing in FastAPI.
It's just to get an example out for folks.
And then I, you know, turned it on.
I actually use ngrok as my service layer because you have to have HTTPS to make this thing work.
So I figured out.
So good.
Yep.
Yeah.
I turned that on with an Nginx thing in front of it.
So this library, to actually use it, you'll have to actually set that stuff up yourself.
You have to download it.
You have to run it.
You have to either get it on a server with HTTPS, with Let's Encrypt or something.
But then once you've turned it on, then you can actually see how it generates the OpenAPI spec, how to configure the GPT.
I didn't do much work with regards to the custom instructions that I came up with.
I just said, hey, call my API.
Figure it out.
And it does.
And so what this GPT does is it basically says, OK, given a package name and a version number, it's going to go and grab this data from the SQLite database that I found that has this information and then bring it back to you.
It's the least interesting GPT I could come up with, I guess.
But it shows kind of the mechanics, right?
The mechanics of setting up the servers and the application within FastAPI,
kind of the little bits that you have to flip to make sure that OpenAI can understand your OpenAI spec.
I bumble through OpenAI and OpenAPI all the time.
And make sure that they can talk to each other.
And then it will then do the right thing and call your server and bring the answers back.
And there's a bunch of little flags and information you need to know about actions
that are on the OpenAPI documentation.
And so I tried to pull that all together into one simple little project for people to look at.
It's cool.
So you can ask it questions like, tell me about FastAPI, this version, and it'll come back.
Correct.
I was hoping to do something a little better, like, hey, here's my requirements file and go, you know, tell me, like, am I on the latest version of everything or whatever?
Like something more interesting.
I just didn't have time.
So can you ask it questions such as what's the difference between this version and that version?
You could, if that information in the database, I actually don't know if it is.
So and then obviously you could also hit the PI PI server.
And I didn't do that.
I don't want to be hitting anybody's server indiscriminately at this point.
But that would be a great use case, right?
So someone could take this and certainly add some capabilities.
The thing that is valuable that I'm trying to showcase is the fact that ChatGPT and large language models, while they do have the world's information kind of compressed at a point in time, they are still not a database, right?
They don't do well when you're basically trying to make sure you have a comprehensive query
and you've brought back all the information.
And they're also not good from like a up-to-date perspective, right?
There's a cutoff date.
Thankfully, they finally updated that recently.
I think it's now April of 2023.
But at some point, it just doesn't know about newer things.
And so a GPT is a really interesting way of doing that.
I'm going to put it out in the universe and hopefully someone will do it.
make me a modern Python GPT,
which is basically like get the new version of Pydantic
and Polars and a few other libraries
that ChatGPT does a bad job at
just because they're in under active development
during the time that ChatGPT was getting trained.
So that's the perfect use case for these types of custom GPTs
with knowledge in a PDF file or an API backing it up.
I think there's a ton of value
and being able to feed a little bit of your information,
some of your documents or your code repository
or something to a GPT
and then be able to ask it questions.
Exactly right.
Yeah.
Tell me about the security vulnerabilities
that you see in the code.
Is there anywhere where I'm missing some test
or I'm calling a function in a way that's known to be bad?
That kind of stuff.
really tricky but yeah it's also tricky because it doesn't even if you paste in a little bit of code
it's not the whole project right so you know to put a little bit more in there it's pretty awesome
yeah for sure and yeah being able to give it you know all the code from some of these code
repositories right like and bringing back the relevant information so i think there is a kind
of this race there's going to be other you know cool there's another cool project called source
graph and Cody that we can talk about that will, you know, run on your local server and basically
indexes your code base and will bring back relevant snippets from your code base and answer questions
kind of in context and, you know, long term. And then and then there's a new project around new
codium. They had a new paper where they talked about flow engineering and flow engineering is
just basically that same concept of the human in the loop with the LLM, with the code. That's the
magic combination of kind of those people, those entities kind of iterating with each other.
So, and, and I think, I think, I think these, you know, these tools are definitely going to evolve
and you really want to, you really want to have the ability to have access to your specific
information to answer your specific questions. Cody is new to me. Yeah. Cody.dev and it's little
subtitle or whatever is
Cody as a coding assistant that uses
AI understand your code
base. I was saying
what was it?
It was about your entire code base, APIs,
implementations, and idioms.
That's kind of what I was suggesting, at least for code, right?
Yeah, and Sourcegraph,
those folks really understand
code indexing
and searching. That's what the first
product was. They were kind of just teed up, ready for
this large language model moment.
Then they said, "Oh, let's just put Cody on top of that."
This thing will run, it will understand your code,
and it will bring things together for you.
These folks do podcasts all the time.
I'd reach out to them.
Yeah, interesting. It's quite neat looking.
I think I'm going to give it a try.
It both plugs into PyCharm and VS Code.
That's pretty neat.
All right. Well.
Very cool.
Let's see. I think we're starting to get
bit short on time here but you know for people who want to play with the pi pi gpt maybe as an
example they just got to read me and it's easy to get from there what do you need to tell them
yeah i put a make file in there so you know exactly like the steps to kind of make the
environment download the files and and just ping ping me follow me on twitter i more and ping me if
you need anything there uh i'm also on linkedin and and GitHub right so you can certainly reach
out if you have any challenges. Excellent. All right. Well, yeah, go ahead. Yeah. I'd say like
the last thing that I'm, you know, folks that are actually in the medical space, right? So the thing
that I'm working on right now actively is how to integrate this thing with our knowledge base,
right? So I have a knowledge base of hand curated trials, hand curated therapies and other
information. I've, you know, built it so that, you know, my custom GPT can actually work with that.
I've come up with some, I'd say novel, at least I haven't seen anybody else and I haven't seen any
research approaching things the same way I am that handles some of the other challenges that
are out there, right? So for instance, the context window is a challenge. So the context window is
the amount of text that's in there and how it gets processed. If you're making decisions and
you're changing course, the chatbot will lose track of those changes, right? So if you're,
you know, experimenting or going down one path of inquiry, and then you switch to another path,
it can get confused and forget that you switch paths. And I can also hold all that information,
like, well, for sure, it forgot the last three things, the first three things he told it,
it only knows four, and you think it knows seven, and exactly right, incomplete, right? Yep. And,
And one of the key things is you actually wanted to forget some things as well.
So those are all interesting challenges.
And I'm actually working with these custom GPTs to kind of change the way that the collaboration works between the human, the expert, the large language model or the assistant, and my backend, my actual retrieval model, the API that's actually doing stuff.
So are researchers and MDs and PhDs at your company talking about this thing and making use of it?
For sure. We're in active development right now. We have a few key opinion leaders that are working
with us and collaborating with us, but we're always looking for more folks that are in the
field that actually are. And right now you need kind of the cutting edge people because this stuff's
not ready for prime time. Clinical decision support is a really hard problem. But we need the folks
that want to get ahead of it because we know that there are doctors and there are patients that are
asking ChatGPT questions right now. And even if it says, I'm not a medical expert, blah, blah,
blah. And at the end of the day, we actually don't have enough doctors, right? That's the other
scary thing is we don't have enough doctors. Patients want answers. How do we build solutions
that can allow this expertise to get more democratized
and more into folks' hands.
And I'm hoping our tool,
along with these large language models,
can help relieve some of that burden.
Well, it might not be as 100% accurate,
100% precise, but neither are doctors, right?
They get stuff wrong.
You just need to be in the realm of as good as a doctor.
You don't need to be completely without...
making a mistake and that's a i think a challenge that we're just going to have to get used to
in general right i mean there i joked about the legal brief thing because someone got in trouble
for submitting a brief that for sure hallucinations and there's certain circumstances where maybe it's
just not acceptable but ai self-driven cars people crash yeah but that's a like a human mistake but
when a machine makes it, it's a pre-programmed, pre-determined mistake.
You know, something like that.
Like it doesn't feel the same as if the machine made a mistake.
So if a machine makes a recommendation like you need this cancer treatment or you're fine,
you don't need it, and it was wrong, people are not going to be as forgiving.
But it doesn't mean there's not value to be gained from systems that can help you, right?
I always appreciate those machine learning papers that I'll like, you know,
they'll be show the tracking of over time of like how the models have gotten
better and better.
And they put the human in there and you can see that the human has already
gotten eclipsed by the, by the, by the map of the models.
And that specific problem, right?
Cause it's not also recognizing that a lot of this stuff,
these models that are doing tasks are doing one specific task.
They're not doing a whole job.
They're not, you know, they're not doing an end to end process.
They're answering a medical question or they're, you know,
looking at an image and finding all the cats or whatever it's supposed to do.
So, you know, and to your point, though, you know, humans aren't perfect at these tasks either.
Yeah.
I think mostly people are going to be using this kind of stuff to help them come up with these answers.
Right.
The my weird Amazon description example is going to be the edge case, not the go to like.
Agreed.
Yeah.
You came in.
You spoke to the chat bot.
Here's your diagnosis.
Have a good day.
Right.
Not so much more like I need some help thinking through this.
What are some studies that have addressed this?
Those kind of questions.
Yep.
And I hesitate to say it's just a better search engine because I actually think it's got way
more potential than that.
I agree.
It's a conversation.
It can iterate back and forth.
And what I'm actually trying to do is build some state into it, some structured way of
kind of remembering what the conversation was
and using a lot of the techniques
that these large language models are good at
to actually make that actually happen.
And so that you can actually build a system
so that the human and the assistant and the backend
all kind of know what the other party is thinking about
and that they all work together.
- Nice.
For your genomics custom GPT thing
that you're making internally,
is that going to become a product eventually? If other people are interested,
is there some way they can keep tabs on it or is it just internal only?
Definitely reach out to me. So we're building different versions of GPTs.
Like we're going to have a GPT for our curation team that curates knowledge.
And we're building a GPT that, you know,
my hope is that it'll go to physicians,
to oncologists and genomic counselors and other providers that could actually use
this thing. Eventually, if it becomes, you know,
robust enough and stable enough, and I don't feel like we're doing a disservice,
we could certainly make a version of that available for cancer patients as well. I would,
you know, I'd love to have that. I just want to make sure that it's done in a responsible way.
Yeah, absolutely. Well, I honestly hope that you actually do such a good job that we don't have to
have cancer research anymore, but that's... That's really the end goal. Yes, that is definitely the
end goal. And that's really exciting too. So is that the new drugs that are coming out, new
new treatments that are coming out.
It's really just about making sure people are aware of it,
making sure that they're getting the genetic testing that they need.
Right.
So if you have a loved one that has,
unfortunately has cancer,
make sure that they're at least asking their doctor,
the question about genomic testing to make sure that the,
they're getting the best possible treatment.
Sure.
Sounds good.
All right.
Well,
quickly before we get out of here,
recommendation on some libraries,
some project that maybe we haven't talked about yet?
Something people are like, oh, this would be awesome.
Yeah, well, we ran out of time.
I was going to talk about some of these Pydantic projects.
So there's Marvin, Instructor, and Outlines.
So folks should definitely look at those.
So basically what you do is you can describe stuff as Pydantic,
and then it'll actually just extract it right into that Pydantic model for you.
And that's so Marvin and Outlines and Instructor.
So check those guys out.
They're awesome.
And then the other one that I actually had teed up was VisiCalc.
So VisiCalc is like this crazy command line tool.
It's awesome.
Like you can basically look at giant CSV files all in the command line.
It has like these hotkeys that you can do.
Okay.
I'm sorry, not VisiCalc, VisiData.
VisiData, okay.
VisiData.
And so basically it's just, it's basically Excel inside your terminal.
And this was before Rich and the textual project.
And it was just like, it was kind of mind blowing.
all the stuff that this person was able to figure out how to make work yeah that's super
amazing i just wanted to give a shout out one more thing because your your visit data reminded me
something i just came across oh yeah btop if people have servers out there and they need to know what's
going on with their server where's my i need a picture for this but yeah it's it's like a
a nice visualization i don't know why there's no pictures on this home page
Well, but yeah, check it out.
There's also bpytop.
It's pretty amazing what people can do in the terminal, right?
Yeah.
It's like, I don't know where the, there used to be pictures in this, whatever.
Oh, there they are.
They're just responsive to design themselves out.
But yeah, if you want a bunch of live graphs, every time I see stuff like this, the visit
data or this or what the textual folks are working on, it's just like, I can't believe
they built this, right?
Like I'm working at the level of colorama.
This string is right right here.
Right, right, right.
They're like, oh yeah, I got an emoji to show up.
Right. I'm excited.
Exactly. Yes.
A rocket ship is there.
Not just.
Yeah, pretty excellent.
All right.
Well, Ian, thank you for being here and keep up the good work.
I know so many people are using LMS, but not that many people are creating
LMS and as developers, you know, we'd love to create things.
We already have the tools to do it.
People can check out your GitHub repo on the PyPI and GPT and use it as a starting place,
right?
Sounds great.
Yeah.
And definitely reach out if you have any questions.
Excellent.
Well, thanks for coming back on the show.
Catch you.
Great.
Good to talk to you.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, you bet.
Bye.